Player Analysis Tool

Welcome to the Player Analysis Tool repository! This collection of Python scripts is designed to streamline the analysis of player data extracted from an Excel file. The scripts focus on extracting insights from four key attributes, presenting the information through visually informative radar charts and insightful bar charts.

Key Features:

Data Extraction: The scripts efficiently parse player data from an Excel file, ensuring seamless integration with your existing datasets.

Attribute Analysis: The tool hones in on four specific attributes critical for player assessment, allowing users to gain a comprehensive understanding of individual performance.

Radar Charts: Experience a visual representation of player attributes through radar charts. These charts offer an intuitive and holistic view, facilitating quick comparisons and identifying strengths and areas for improvement.

Bar Charts: The tool also generates bar charts, providing a detailed breakdown of attribute values. This format allows for a more granular analysis and aids in identifying outliers and patterns.

How to Use:

Input Data: Place your Excel file containing player data in the designated input folder.

Run the Scripts: Execute the Python scripts, specifying the relevant parameters such as file paths and attribute preferences.

Visualize Results: Review the generated radar charts and bar charts in the output folder to gain valuable insights into player performance.

Getting Started:

Clone the repository to your local machine.
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/player-analysis-tool.git
Install the required dependencies using:
bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Follow the usage guidelines in the documentation to effectively analyze your player data.
Contributing:

We welcome contributions to enhance and expand the functionality of the Player Analysis Tool. Please refer to the CONTRIBUTING.md file for guidelines on submitting pull requests and participating in the development process.

License:

This project is licensed under the MIT License, providing flexibility for personal and commercial use.

Feel free to explore, analyze, and contribute to the Player Analysis Tool. Elevate your player assessments with the power of Python and insightful visualizations!






